The procedure for the pairing process is as follows:

Sequence of events – Step 1
Team A and Team B secretly choose their defender and reveal them simultaneously.
After that, Team A and team B secretly choose their two attackers for the given defender and
reveal them simultaneously.

Team A takes the two attackers given by team B, and secretly chooses which one is refused.
Team B does the same with the two attackers selected by team A. The refused Attackers are
revealed simultaneously and return to the pool of available armies.

Captains roll off to determine which team will get to choose its table first. That team gains the
“table choice” token.

At this point, two defenders know their attackers; this identifies two games. Log this on the
score sheet. The Team with the “table choice” token lets his defender choose the table first
followed by the defender who's team didn’t have the table choice token. Two tables are now no
longer available.

Sequence of events – Step 2
Repeat Step 1 with the difference that the Team without the “table choice” token now becomes
the owner of this token throughout this pairing step.

Sequence of events – Step 3
Change “table choice” token again during this pairing step. This step will identify the remaining
4 games: 2 games “attacker vs. defender”, 1 game between refused attackers and 1 game with
the remaining players.

Team A and team B secretly choose their defender and reveal them simultaneously. After that,
Team A and team B secretly choose their two attackers for the given defender and reveal them
simultaneously.

At this point there is only one last player available remaining in each team. These
are automatically designated as being the last matchup. Each team immediately notes this on
their round pairing log-sheet.

Team A takes the two attackers given by team B, and secretly chooses which one is refused.
Team B does the same with the two attackers selected by team A. The refused Attackers are
revealed simultaneously. They will automatically be designated to play the 7th game of the
round and face each other. Defenders know their attackers; this identifies two matches. Log this
on the score sheet. Team with the “table choice” token let his defender choose the table and
then teams alternate choosing tables, starting with the defending players first.